Conformance language revisions in (#23)
AMWA-TV/is-14: docs/API requests.md

## URL and usage

> The URL provided in the [IS-04 device configuration control](IS-04%20interactions.md) MUST be used as the base URL for all subsequent requests.

Reviewer: Is "IS-04 configuration control" confusing perhaps?
```suggestion
The 'control' endpoint URL provided in the [IS-04 device](IS-04%20interactions.md) MUST be used as the base URL for all subsequent requests.
```

|:--:|
| _**Getting a property**_ |

> The URL MUST target a specific property of an object by locating the object using its role path and the property using its property identifier as per the following format `baseUrl/rolePaths/{rolePath}/properties/{propertyId}/value`. The response MUST be of type [NcMethodResultPropertyValue](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresultpropertyvalue) with the contents of that property when successful. If the request encountered an error then the response result returned MUST inherit from [NcMethodResultError](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresulterror) and include an errorMessage of type [NcString](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#primitives).

Reviewer: Wording suggestion
```suggestion
The URL MUST target a specific property of an object by locating the object using its role path and the property using its property identifier as per the following format `baseUrl/rolePaths/{rolePath}/properties/{propertyId}/value`. The response MUST be of type [NcMethodResultPropertyValue](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresultpropertyvalue) including the value of that property when successful. If the request encountered an error then the response result returned MUST inherit from [NcMethodResultError](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresulterror) and include an errorMessage of type [NcString](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#primitives).
```

|:--:|
| _**Getting class descriptor**_ |

> The URL MUST target a specific object in the device model as per the following format `baseUrl/rolePaths/{rolePath}/descriptor`. A successful response MUST be of type [NcMethodResultClassDescriptor](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresultclassdescriptor) with a descriptor which includes all inherited elements. If the request encountered an error then the response result returned MUST inherit from [NcMethodResultError](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresulterror) and include an errorMessage of type [NcString](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#primitives).

Reviewer: Wording suggestion
```suggestion
The URL MUST target a specific object in the device model as per the following format `baseUrl/rolePaths/{rolePath}/descriptor`. A successful response MUST be of type [NcMethodResultClassDescriptor](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresultclassdescriptor) including a descriptor which includes all inherited elements. If the request encountered an error then the response result returned MUST inherit from [NcMethodResultError](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresulterror) and include an errorMessage of type [NcString](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#primitives).
```

Author: This ends up something like `including a descriptor which includes all inherited elements.`
Is that too many includes?

Reviewer: Ha, ha yes definitely! 

`including a descriptor which has all inherited elements.` perhaps????

|:--:|
| _**Getting datatype descriptor**_ |

> The URL MUST target a specific property of an object by locating the object using its role path and the property using its property identifier as per the following format `baseUrl/rolePaths/{rolePath}/properties/{propertyId}/descriptor`. A successful response MUST be of type [NcMethodResultDatatypeDescriptor](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresultdatatypedescriptor) with a descriptor which includes inherited elements. If the request encountered an error then the response result returned MUST inherit from [NcMethodResultError](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresulterror) and include an errorMessage of type [NcString](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#primitives).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL MUST target a specific property of an object by locating the object using its role path and the property using its property identifier as per the following format `baseUrl/rolePaths/{rolePath}/properties/{propertyId}/descriptor`. A successful response MUST be of type [NcMethodResultDatatypeDescriptor](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresultdatatypedescriptor) including a descriptor which includes inherited elements. If the request encountered an error then the response result returned MUST inherit from [NcMethodResultError](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresulterror) and include an errorMessage of type [NcString](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#primitives).
```

Author: Same as above.

This is equivalent to invoking the [GetDatatype method](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncclassmanager) on the [Class Manager object](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Managers.html#class-manager) and including inherited elements.

### Getting all the properties of a role path

| ![Getting bulk properties](images/getting-bulk-properties.png) |
|:--:|
| _**Getting bulk properties**_ |

> The URL MUST target a specific role path in the device model by locating the object using its role path and optionally specifying the `recurse` parameter as per the following format `baseUrl/rolePaths/{rolePath}/bulkProperties?recurse={true|false}`. Not including the `recurse` query parameter MUST be treated as providing a `recurse` argument of `true`. A successful response MUST be of type [NcMethodResultBulkValuesHolder](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-control-feature-sets/branches/publish-device-configuration/device-configuration/#ncmethodresultbulkvaluesholder) and MUST include all the properties of the target role path as a [bulk values holder](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-control-feature-sets/branches/publish-device-configuration/device-configuration/#ncbulkvaluesholder). If the `recurse` argument is set to `true` then the response MUST include all the properties of the target role path as well as any nested role paths in a successful response. If the request encountered an error then the response result returned MUST inherit from [NcMethodResultError](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresulterror) and include an errorMessage of type [NcString](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#primitives).

Reviewer: If errorMessage refers to the property, should be say "include an `errorMessage` property"? Otherwise say "include an error message" (no camel case)?

}
```

> A successful response MUST be of type [NcMethodResult](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresult). If the request encountered an error then the response result returned MUST inherit from [NcMethodResultError](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresulterror) and include an errorMessage of type [NcString](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#primitives).

Reviewer: Hmmm, I think "MUST inherit from NcMethodResultError" might be interpreted as "you must create your own datatype that inherits from NcMethodResultError".
```suggestion
A successful response MUST be of type [NcMethodResult](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresult). If the request encountered an error then the response MUST either be of the type, or inherited from the type, [NcMethodResultError](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#ncmethodresulterror) and include an errorMessage of type [NcString](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Framework.html#primitives).
```
